Jamie here today we're having fun with
iPhones as we tear down the iphone 4s
with the help of the phone doctors let's
find out what's inside first up the
phone doctors use a special set of
screwdrivers to remove the first two
screws which are located on the bottom
after that they slide out the back
under the hood is the battery rear
camera motherboard and charger
connection before we go any further
another 12 screws have to be removed
each one of them is a different size
next the charging ribbon is carefully
peeled off revealing the phone's
vibrator this tiny device is what makes
the entire phone shake when you get
alerts
the batteries then move followed by the
loudspeaker the handles all of the
phones audio this reveals the charging
unit the sim hold up also comes out of
this point next the LCD and headphone
connectors are removed the camera and
power buttons also come out this allows
for the motherboard to be removed that
holds all of the devices chips and power
now it's time to finally separate the
screen from the rest of the phone 10
screws hold the LCD display in place it
needs to be pried off as it sticks to
the bulk of the phone
with the screen gun it's now time to
take apart the rest of the phone now the
charger home button and front camera can
be removed
now that our 4s has always been picked
clean you can see just how much goes
into one tiny phone
that's pretty much it you can see from
these last shots just how much a kick
goes into one iphone we counted over 30
tiny screws but then there's also all
these other components to go on top of
that it's no wonder that only trained
professionals are able to pick apart
knees complex phones
you